README.md, before:

# Kafka-Tester
Kafka Tester

## Getting kafkauser info ready for go app
*NOTE if you are in java you need to build a trust store instead, the secret will default to a .p12 format

Code reference from Sarama
https://github.com/IBM/sarama/blob/main/examples/sasl_scram_client/main.go


For a Go app we will just need the following:

- user.crt
- user.key
- ca.crt

I created a user called `test-kafka-user` and the broker is in `kafka-tutorial-kraft-east`

```bash
oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}' | base64 -d > ca.crt
oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.user\.crt}' | base64 -d > user.crt
oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.user\.key}' | base64 -d > user.key
```

we should be able to test the connectivity before running the app

```bash

openssl s_client -connect my-cluster-kraft-kafka-bootstrap-kafka-tutorial-kraft-east.apps.axolab.axodevelopment.dev:443 -cert user.crt -key user.key -CAfile ca.crt -verify_return_error
```

Commit message:

fixing an issue with using both client and broker ca.

README.md, after:

# Kafka-Tester
Kafka Tester

## Getting kafkauser info ready for go app
*NOTE if you are in java you need to build a trust store instead, the secret will default to a .p12 format

Code reference from Sarama
https://github.com/IBM/sarama/blob/main/examples/sasl_scram_client/main.go


For a Go app we will just need the following:

- user.crt
- user.key
- ca.crt

I created a user called `test-kafka-user` and the broker is in `kafka-tutorial-kraft-east`

```bash
oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.user\.crt}' | base64 -d > user.crt
oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.user\.key}' | base64 -d > user.key
oc get secret my-cluster-kraft-cluster-ca-cert -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}' | base64 -d > ca.crt

```

`oc get secret test-kafka-user -n kafka-tutorial-kraft-east -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}' | base64 -d > ca.crt` this is the client CA and not needed for client -> server connectivity, the broker should already be able to mtls by accessing that user

the ca.crt will now contain both the which you don't need but going to leave it in for now.  You really just need the ca on the 

we should be able to test the connectivity before running the app

```bash

openssl s_client -connect my-cluster-kraft-kafka-bootstrap-kafka-tutorial-kraft-east.apps.axolab.axodevelopment.dev:443 -cert user.crt -key user.key -CAfile ca.crt -verify_return_error
```
